DOCSP-33692: php improvements (#922)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/php.txt

  - `Extension <https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-php-driver>`__

.. _php-driver-arch:

Driver Architecture
-------------------

This section describes how the components of the PHP driver work together.
These components fit into the following general categories:

- High-Level API, which includes the library and other integrations 
- Extension, which includes the extension that integrates the system libraries
- System, which includes the C Driver, BSON library, and encryption library

The following diagram illustrates the architecture of the PHP driver
components:

.. figure:: /figures/PHP_driver_architecture.svg
   :alt: PHP driver component architecture
   :figwidth: 600px
   

> The PHP library provides an API that is consistent with the other
> drivers, and it is continually updated to meet cross-driver
> specifications. You must add the library as a dependency in most

Reviewer: S: I think this would be more clear as separate sentences

```suggestion
The PHP library provides an API that is consistent with the other
MongoDB drivers. The library is continually updated to meet cross-driver
specifications. You must add the library as a dependency in most
```

> specifications. You must add the library as a dependency in most
> applications that use PHP to work with MongoDB.

Reviewer: The phrasing on this is a bit confusing to me. One question and one suggestion:

Q: This states that it's needed in "most applications" - does that mean that there are some instances where you don't need to the library in order to work with MongoDB in a PHP application? Or can we get rid of "most"?

S: If I'm understanding what's being said here, I think this could be a little more clear
```suggestion
specifications. You must add the library as a dependency to work with MongoDB in most
PHP applications.
```

Author: I think that there might be cases where a user could use only the extension to perform operations in their application, but this is not recommended.

> The extension is distributed by `PECL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The extension is distributed using `PECL
```
